How’s it going?
Of course
There’s nothing in this world
I can’t accomplish
Jiā Háo
I knew you were the best
But
The legendary Eldest Miss of the Qín family
Has never appeared in public
How are you sure it’s her?
It’s quite a coincidence
When I went to Qín Shì to make a profit
I happened to see Lǐ Mù
Arguing with the Eldest Miss Qín
Lǐ Mù is the dog
By Qín Fēng’s side
If he says she’s the Eldest Miss Qín
Then it must be her
So
What’s this Eldest Miss Qín like?
Just a useless decorative vase
What?
Jealous?
No way
The Qín family is Dōng Hǎi’s top clan
Our Jiǎng family
Is just a third-rate clan
How dare I be jealous of the Eldest Miss Qín?
Relax
As long as you obediently follow orders
You won’t miss out on the benefits
Now
Let me pamper you properly
Ugh, so annoying